---
title: "Dr. Deji Chen’s Talk- IPv6 Over WirelessHART – Networking Infrastructure of Wireless Embedded Internet"
date: 2012-11-08
tags: [Talk]
thumbnail:
banner: 
---
Time: Nov. 9, 2:00 PM
Place: 5407 Software Building

 
Speaker: Deji Chen, PHD，University of Texas at Austin，Senior principal software engineer at Emerson Process Management.

Title: IPv6 Over WirelessHART – Networking Infrastructure of Wireless Embedded Internet

<!--more-->

Abstract:
Wireless embedded Internet aims to enable IP functions in resource-limited wireless embedded devices and connecting heterogeneous wireless embedded networks to the Internet. The scale of wireless embedded Internet is estimated to be with trillions of devices and many interesting applications can be found in industrial and building automation, smart metering and smart grid, real-time environmental monitoring and forecasting. There are many design challenges to be addressed in building the wireless embedded Internet. These challenges include how to map IP datagrams to the services provided by resource-limited embedded networks; how to establish secured end-to-end communication between end devices; what routing protocol to apply in this infrastructure and how to simplify existing application protocols in the Internet to make them suitable for the wireless embedded Internet. In this work, taking WirelessHART as an example, we will describe our design and implementation of a prototype system which integrates WirelessHART networks into the Internet and support web-based monitoring and control services.

Bio:
Deji Chen studied at Tongji University from 1984 to 1991, and at Shanghai Jiaotong University from 1991 to 1993, He received the PhD degree in Computer Science in 1999 from the University of Texas at Austin. He is currently a senior principal software engineer at Emerson Process Management. His research interests include real-time systems and wireless process control. He is part of the original group who created the OPC industrial standard. He also participated in creating the first industrial wireless standard IEC62591. He co-authored the book “WirelessHART – Real-time Mesh Network for Industrial Automation”.